chore(release): v2.0.3 (#24)
imgix/imgix-go: CHANGELOG.md

# Changelog
All notable changes to this project will be documented in this file. See [standard-version](https://github.com/conventional-changelog/standard-version) for commit guidelines.

## [v2.0.3](https://github.com/imgix/imgix-go/compare/2.0.2...2.0.3) - March 23, 2021

### Changes

> The changes in this release change the way fixed width source sets are generated when a height parameter is also present. Previously, either the width or height and aspect ratio parameters had to be present for the generated source set to be DPR based. Now, only width or height paramters have to be present.

Reviewer: Light suggestion to help this read better:
```suggestion
This release changes the way a DPR `srcset` is generated when `CreateSrcset()` is passed a height parameter. Previously, either the width, or the height and aspect ratio parameters together, had to be present for the generated srcset to be DPR based. Now, only a width or height parameter need to be present.
```
